so yeah this isn't going to be a regular
segment at least I have no intention of
making it one because I think doing
videos of hate mail would just encourage
people to write the fake hate mail and
usually I can spot it from a mile off so
in fact this may be a joke I have no
idea it was so retarded that I thought
maybe it was just somebody being funny
but the more I look at it the more I
think this guy might actually be serious
so anyway a quick sort of explanation I
have this video an admittedly very bad
video it's the worst video as they get
the most views I swear to Christ it's
this beatles video where I pretended
that John Lennon wasn't dead and he was
at the sessions for one of those reunion
songs they did in the 90 it was a joke
it was bad photo shops that was supposed
to be funny and well and all these
idiots take it seriously and so this one
cunt I think it's this guy it wasn't
that bad a comment it was a the only
interesting thing about this shitty
video is how you made it to keep going
the music after the length of the video
was over I have never seen this kind of
shit before your video is kind of creepy
and sick what's with the song anyway and
I probably flew off the handle I mean
it's not that bad a comment but I just
get too many people comment on that
video so I just I call him a beaner and
blocked it was something stupid like
that it was it was wrong with me I admit
it and so anyway that was the end of
that until I looked at our Facebook page
we have a Facebook page by the way me
and David we don't operate it so it's
not a very good way to reach us but um
yeah it's run by fans or a fan at the
moment but at home and um so this guy I
think it's the same guy I don't know um
I'm gonna have to read out his message
for you here we go only then Pringle
before I get started
zero buried under 12 you know we
confront our problems we don't hide them
under the rug okay hombre fucking creep
you look like a total loser and you call
me beaner I can tell for the way you
look you have no girl and if you have no
money to bear whore you might be a
virgin so fuck off creep oh oh I forgot
you're such a smart guy blocking me at
YouTube but leaving your face open to
anyone haha stupid weird face I've been
up a girl in place and yuffie do is
beautiful but and your video always
Beatles video is shit fucking pussy
blogging me at YouTube be smarter let
the critics to come now this bits not so
easy because this is in vain speak and I
can't helmet I admit I can't speak
Mexican so on we'll give it a go
recoleta tu pinche pto pendejo pork in
mushin no tienes good no idea how bad
that must have been for any actual
Mexicans watching this video um I ran
that through google translate hey a lot
they took heat tu fin de o por que no
tienes so I've run is his last little
parting blast his little angry
PostScript at the end there through
google translate and it says looks and
your fucking cigarette charlotte a
asshole because women do not have
another where cigarettes coming up not
really a smoker um so anyway that's my
fan mail from paola richer or if it is
that how you pronounce Pepe in Mexican I
don't know honest to god I'm I shouldn't
have called mubeen I'm sorry I've what
you could understand about this channel
is that even though we're not very
popular I get so much fucking mail it's
a nothing I don't want to dedicate my
whole day to reading and so if somebody
writes something stupid I give him a
little Barb and then I block them into
just it's a habit I should probably
change my habits in that respect but
no if he didn't want my fucking response
he shouldn't a comment on my video it
was pretty simple and i'm also i gotta
say we're here at Barry done in 12 I'm
not unsympathetic to the Mexican
experience I mean we're not racists I've
seen the three amigos and in short
circuit 2 there was Mexicans and that as
well and I know there's a lot of
Mexicans in Breaking Bad and also TJ
Hooker there's a particularly good
episode where the young deaf Mexican boy
is being harassed by the guys in the
game in their lowriders um so yeah I
mean we're not uneducated on the topic
under them there's a pretty cheap shots
in this guy's message to mmm I can tell
for the way you look you have no girl
this is true but then going to say if I
have no money I mean fa I've got ten
bucks alright that's going to be worse
at least four million pesos so this
fucking show some respect oh my god I've
unblocked him so if you guys want to let
him know how sorry I am and we can still
be friends if he wants to be and and let
her know that I admire his forward pneus
and his porn star profile picture on
facebook that's all but that's all fine
so just just letting him know that no
hard feelings jefe where you and me I
like this now